
When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work
local?

    
I would use a remote repository when there are multiple individuals working on the same file that are collaborating.  
   
It's a good way to share files from different computers. 



Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git 
automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

    
  Pulling changes manually put the user in control of when they want to up-date a repository, thereby controlling the number of updates 
  and updating only what is necessary. 

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches.  When would you
use one instead of another?

    
  Fork is using on done on Github to create a clone of a repository a copy of file/directory.  Cloning is done on the computer, I can clone
  files on the computer and from the computer to github.  Branches is on an existing directory that branches off to create a new commit like
  a tree branch.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote
 stored locally?

    
  It's very beneficial if you have other collaborators submitting changes into GitHub and updating that.  then You will always have a copy
  of the last known state before those changes were added on github then you can review them and see which ones you want to incorporate.



How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub?  What would be easier,
and what would be harder?

    
  Without using github I would probably email my changes to the person I am collaborating with if the file would fit or share it ia ftp.  If there
  only two people it might not be difficult, however with more than two it might prove to be time consuming. Tracking what changes came first,
  incorporating them, etc. would not be as easy.



When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in
master?  What benefits does each approach have?

    
  When I want to test out an idea or I want others opionion before I incorporated into the master.  So, I'll test test out in a new branch